# A1 - Answerly

Within the scope of the LBAW course, we were proposed to develop a web application for collaborative Questions and Answers. For this to be a commendable product, we want to assure a great user experience where the questions are easy to find and the answers helpful to the user. We aim to have an easily navigable website. A good interface is very important and the users need to be comfortable browsing the site.

Throughout life, we often find ourselves wondering about questions that surely a stranger, somewhere out there knows the answer and there is no way for him to reach out to us. With our project, we aim to tackle that by building a clean and trustworthy platform where relevant questions are asked and pertinent answers are replied.

User groups will be the following: Guests, Authenticated, Moderators and Administrators.

Guests will be users who do not have an account on the website or are not logged in. However, this should not stop them if they are just interested in looking up existing questions and their respective answers. So, when they arrive to the website they will have access to a search bar, _login_ and _signup_ fields and a section with the most recent questions from various _labels_. On the other hand, if a user&#39;s goal is to ask a question or respond to an existing one, then they will need to have a registered account. Once a Guest registers or signs in to the system, he becomes Authenticated. On the act of registration the user will be asked to enter a username, a password, a brief description of himself, his birthdate and to specify some of his interestsin order to create a personalized timeline for the first time he is logged in, without any search history.

Authenticated users will have a _home_ page where they can see a questions' feed (with some relevant questions depending on their interests), an _Add Question_ button, access to his notifications and profile information. Authenticated users will be able to ask and answer questions, _upvote_ or _downvote_ questions and answers with the intention of telling if they are relevant or not, add comments to questions and also get the option to receive notifications when a question of their choosing is answered (_following_ mechanism). Commenting answers is also an option, aiming to provide additional information to partially correct ones. When they intend to, Authenticated users can also edit and delete their own questions, answers and comments. Another relevant feature is the option of reporting questions and answers due to offensive or unhelpful content. Last but not least, Authenticated users will be able to see each others&#39; public profile, update their own profile and will have their own personal score, depending on the number of votes their questions and answers have. This will tell which accounts are trustworthy and which are not. Authenticated users can delete their own account if they want to. After a user deletes his own account, all his contributions will prevail on the system, but from now on it will be shown the information that the user account was removed.

Authenticated users can become Moderators by order of the Administrator. Moderators will share the same features as Authenticated users, however Moderators have some more privileges. Upon accessing a moderation area, Moderators will see a panel with a list of each reported element (comments, questions and answers). Then they can edit the content of the reported questions, answers or comments, move questions to the right _labels_, correct typos in labels or report more critical information to Administrators. 

Administrators will have the same powers as Moderators but will also be able to promote Authenticated users to Moderators, demote Moderators to Authenticated users, delete content and ban Authenticated users. After the banishment of a user, all his contributions will prevail on the system, but from now on it will be shown the information that the user account was removed.

All types of users will be able to search on the website through a search bar. The search will give any match from the typed string with any string presented on a question, answer, comment or _label_. It will also be possible to search questions by entering the username of their owner. By clicking on a search result, the user will be redirected to the question from which the match belongs. Constraint the search by choosing a period of time between two dates is also possible.

## Revision history
1. First submission (17/02/2020).
2. Revised authentication features, advanced search, relation between each users group and corresponding features (24/02/2020).
3. Revised some user management features and added content management features to Authenticated users (04/03/2020).

------

GROUP2064, 04/03/2020

- [Editor] Antonio Pedro Reis Ribeiro Sousa Dantas, up201703878@fe.up.pt
- Eduardo João Santana Macedo, up201703658@fe.up.pt
- Nuno Miguel Teixeira Cardoso, up201706162@fe.up.pt
- Paulo Roberto Dias Mourato, up201705616@fe.up.pt
