# A10: Presentation
 
## 1. Product presentation
  
Within the scope of the LBAW course, we were proposed to develop a web application for collaborative Questions and Answers, thus _Answerly_ was born. This artifact aims to support a presentation of the final product.

With our product, a user can ask questions, elaborate answers and comment. A user may also create an account and check its profile, or see other users public profile information. Moderators and Administrators have access to a moderation area, where they can manage system's content. Moderators can edit other users' content. Administrators can edit and delete other users' content. They are also abled to ban, demote and promote users.

URL to the product: http://lbaw2064.lbaw-prod.fe.up.pt  

## 2. Video presentation

> Screenshot of the video plus the link to the lbaw20gg.mp4 file  

> - Upload the lbaw20gg.mp4 file to the video uploads' [Google folder](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1C8ZAcqh6HRPsQEVpTRDeNNPwzKWXLPh4 "Videos folder")  
> - The video must not exceed 2 minutes.  

## 3. Contacts

- Antonio Pedro Reis Ribeiro Sousa Dantas, up201703878@fe.up.pt
- Eduardo João Santana Macedo, up201703658@fe.up.pt
- Nuno Miguel Teixeira Cardoso, up201706162@fe.up.pt
- Paulo Roberto Dias Mourato, up201705616@fe.up.pt

# Annex A: Group Self-Evaluation

All group members have worked in all the components.

The individual contribution of each member to the LBAW project, and considering all artefacts, is expressed in the following list:

* Antonio Pedro Reis Ribeiro Sousa Dantas, _contribution level_ [A to F]
* Eduardo João Santana Macedo, _contribution level_ [A to F]
* Nuno Miguel Teixeira Cardoso, A
* Paulo Roberto Dias Mourato, _contribution level_ [A to F]

## Revision history
1. First submission (07/06/2020).

***
GROUP2064, 07/06/2020
 
- Antonio Pedro Reis Ribeiro Sousa Dantas, up201703878@fe.up.pt
- Eduardo João Santana Macedo, up201703658@fe.up.pt
- [Editor] Nuno Miguel Teixeira Cardoso, up201706162@fe.up.pt
- Paulo Roberto Dias Mourato, up201705616@fe.up.pt